Made updates to links as they didn't seem to work (#2575)
coveo/plasma: packages/website/docs/RadioSelectConnected.md

# Best Practices

Use radio buttons when users need to select a single option from a short list.

Radio buttons always come in a set of two or more options.

When presenting only two options,

-   For an on/off choice, use a [Toggle](https://plasma.coveo.com/form/FlatSelect). Example: Enable dark mode.
-   For a yes/no choice, such as opt in/out, use a stand-alone [Checkbox](https://plasma.coveo.com/form/Checkbox). Example: Receive email notification.
-   When it’s neither, use a radio button. Examples: Choose between red or blue.

Aim for seven or less options. If that's impossible, consider using the [Single select](https://plasma.coveo.com/form/SingleSelect) instead.

> Sort options by most relevant, unless a more suited ordering rationale applies. For example, when listing size or security level options. If no rationale stands out, place options in alphanumerical order.

Reviewer: Same comment as above for the "for example" sentence.

> Sort options by most relevant, unless a more suited ordering rationale applies. For example, when listing size or security level options. If no rationale stands out, place options in alphanumerical order.

Author: ```suggestion
Sort options by most relevant, unless a more suited ordering rationale applies. For example, when listing size (large to small) or security level options (lll access to limited access). If no rationale stands out, place options in alphanumerical order.
```

-   The most commonly selected option when you want to help expedite the task.
    If preselecting a default option increases the risk of irreversible changes or security issues, always use the least risky option as the default.

> When the user must easily revert to the default option, for instance when testing configurations, add “(recommended)” or “(default)” to the appropriate option label.

Reviewer: Again, not sure the meaning is 100% the same

Author: okay, this one I'll revert

> When the user must easily revert to the default option, for instance when testing configurations, add “(recommended)” or “(default)” to the appropriate option label.

Author: ```suggestion
When the user needs to be able to easily revert to the default option, for instance when testing configurations, add “(recommended)” or “(default)” to the appropriate option label.
```
